Refs #32339 -- Deprecated default.html form template. (#15665)
django/django: docs/internals/deprecation.txt

* The ``django.contrib.gis.admin.OpenLayersWidget`` will be removed.

> * The ``"django/forms/default.html"`` will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``django/forms/default.html`` template will be removed.
```

* The ``django.contrib.auth.hashers.CryptPasswordHasher`` will be removed.

> * The ``django/forms/default.html`` template will be removed.

Reviewer 2: Nit.  Elsewhere  we've got these in quotation marks. I don't think I've got it right in my head if they should be the same.

> * The ``django/forms/default.html`` template will be removed.
> 
> * The ``django/forms/formsets/default.html`` template will be removed.
> 

Reviewer 3: A single point should be enough:
```suggestion
* The ``"django/forms/default.html"`` and
  ``"django/forms/formsets/default.html"`` templates will be removed.
```
